To use the Google Test framework (gtest), you need to follow these steps:

1. Download and install gtest library on your system.
2. Create a new C++ project in your preferred IDE.
3. Add the gtest library to your project by linking it with your source code.
4. Create a new test file and include the gtest header file.
5. Write test cases using the ASSERT_EQ or EXPECT_EQ macros provided by gtest.
6. Run the tests and check the output.

Here is an example of how to use gtest to test the room allocation algorithm:

1. Download and install gtest library on your system. You can find the installation instructions on the gtest website.

2. Create a new C++ project in your preferred IDE.

3. Add the gtest library to your project by linking it with your source code. You can do this by adding the following lines to your CMakeLists.txt file:

find_package(GTest REQUIRED)
include_directories(${GTEST_INCLUDE_DIRS})
target_link_libraries(your_target_name ${GTEST_LIBRARIES} pthread)


4. Create a new test file and include the gtest header file:

#include <gtest/gtest.h>


5. Write test cases using the ASSERT_EQ or EXPECT_EQ macros provided by gtest. Here is an example:

TEST(Test, Test1) {
  std::vector <std::pair<int, int>> v = {{5, 10000000}, {3, 7}};
  ASSERT_EQ(-2, Algorithm(v));
}


6. Run the tests and check the output. You can run the tests by running the executable generated by your IDE or by using the command line. For example, if you are using CMake, you can run the tests using the following command:

cd build
make test
 

This will run all the tests and print the results on the console.
